Add alt text to Jupyter documentation (#1)
isabela-pf/jupyter: docs/source/contributing/docs-contributions/doc-new-repos.md

### Link in repo description
Please include a link to the documentation in the repo's description.

> ![Repo description and documentation link ](static/repo-description.png "Screenshot of documentation link in GitHub repo description")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of documentation link in GitHub repo description](static/repo-description.png "Screenshot of documentation link in GitHub repo description")
```

Reviewer 2: working on this

> ![Repo description and documentation link ](static/repo-description.png "Screenshot of documentation link in GitHub repo description")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![repo description, which includes a link to the repo's Read the Docs documentation. Annotated with a red speech bubble that says "Add link to documentation (usually a link to Read the Docs)".](static/repo-description.png "Screenshot of documentation link in GitHub repo description")
```

### Badges in README
One common way that individuals find documentation is to look for and click
on the doc badge that commonly is found right after the title. Another
benefit is an easy visual indication if the docs are not rendering properly.

> ![Badges in README.md ](static/repo-badges.png "Screenshot of badges displayed under the repo title in the README file")

Reviewer 3: I am attempting this one

> ![Badges in README.md ](static/repo-badges.png "Screenshot of badges displayed under the repo title in the README file")

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
![The GitHub-rendered view of the README.md file for the Jupyter Notebook project is annotated with a red speech bubble reading "Add badge for Docs" to indicate the location of the documentation badge on the page.](static/repo-badges.png)
```

> The *Resources* section includes:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, here is the [Resources section from jupyter/notebook]:(https://github.com/jupyter/notebook/blob/master/README.md#resources)
```

> ![Resources section in `README.md` ](static/repo-resources.png "Screenshot of resource list at end of README file")

Reviewer: I'm working on this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of resource list at end of README file. In this example, the list contains resources for the ipywidgets project and Project Jupyter. Under ipywidgets, there are links to the demo notebook, documentation, issue tracker, and technical support. Under Project Jupyter, there are links to the Project Jupyter website, the online demo, and documentation.](static/repo-resources.png "Screenshot of resource list at end of README file")
```

> ![Resources section in `README.md` ](static/repo-resources.png "Screenshot of resource list at end of README file")

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```
## Resources
- [Project Jupyter website](https://jupyter.org)
- [Online Demo at jupyter.org/try](https://jupyter.org/try)
- [Documentation for Jupyter notebook](https://jupyter-notebook.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) [[PDF](https://media.readthedocs.org/pdf/jupyter-notebook/latest/jupyter-notebook.pdf)]
- [Korean Version of Installation](https://github.com/ChungJooHo/Jupyter_Kor_doc/)
- [Documentation for Project Jupyter](https://jupyter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) [[PDF](https://media.readthedocs.org/pdf/jupyter/latest/jupyter.pdf)]
- [Issues](https://github.com/jupyter/notebook/issues)
- [Technical support - Jupyter Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jupyter)
```
```
